As a software engineer, chances
are you've crossed paths with
Mongo DB. At some point,
whether you're building an app
for millions of users, or
just figuring out your side
hustle, it's the most popular
non-relational database. Mongo DB is
intuitive and incredibly easy for
development teams to use. Now
with Mongo DB Atlas, you
can take advantage of Mongo
DBS, flexible document data model
as a fully automated cloud
service. Mongo DB Atlas handles
all the costly database operations
and admin tasks that you'd
rather not spend time on
like security, high availability, data
recovery monitoring, and elastic scaling.
Try Mongo DB Atlas for
free today. Visit www.mongodb.com/cloud. To
learn more. That's Mongo db.com/cloud.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman,
Hansel minutes. And today I'm
chatting with Adam Barr. He's the
author of the book, The
problem with software. Why smart
engineers write bad code? You
worked at Microsoft for many
years. Didn't you, sir? Yes.
I worked there for a
little over 23 years in
two different stints, 10 years,
and then 13 years as
developer, definitely dev manager and
then a couple of other
jobs and you've you've since
escaped and are consulting and
hopefully enjoying yourself. Yeah. So
I there's things I've missed
about Microsoft, but overall I'm
happy to be, have a
little more flexibility in my
schedule. Well, when you took
a sabbatical, you went off
and wrote this book, the
problem with software, and I
was fortunate enough to get
an early copy. And I've
actually, I'm on the back
of the, of the cover
there, where the little quote
about why I think this,
this book is great. And
one of the things that
I, I said about it
was that it was an
unflinching view of what sucks
about software and how you
can potentially solve it. It's
a really dense book. And
I say that in the
kindest way of the word
dense, there's a lot of
information shoved into 300 pages
in this book, right? The
idea was I wanted a
book that was readable by
a non programmer, but also
could be read by programmers.
So the non-programmers would get
some insight into what was
going on with programmers and
the programmers would hopefully get
a little self reflection about
what they could do better.
So my concern with it,
I'd make some comments about
what example is, I'd say,
well, a byte is eight
bits and then some programmer
in their mind would jump
up and say, well, no,
actually, you know, there's this
example referenced in the original
K NRC book where a
bite is nine beds. How
can you say such an
uninformed statement? So I tried
to put the, the details
like that, proving my programming
chops into the end though.
It's cause the programmers will
read those and then the
regular people will just skip
the end notes and Hopefully
get a little more of
a story without all these
random tangents explaining these really
esoteric details about stuff that
only a programmer would, would
care about. I'm trying to
avoid the situation. When you
read a book about programming,
Clive Thompson just came out
with his book coders and
I was leafing through it.
And even just reading it
he's, he's not really a
programmer. And, and you do,
you see these things where
you grit your teeth and
you're like, ah, that's not
quite accurate. And even I
understand for wide audience, that's
what you gotta do. So
I tried to be accurate
where possible, and that does
lead to some digressions and
tangents just to really explain,
well, this is actually what
the real story is. I'm
actually going to have Clive
on the show in a
little while and I'm, I'm
quoted multiple times in the
book. And even though he
had a fact checker, when
I spoke to him at
length, I spoke to his
fact-checker at length. There's still
a number of times when
I was like, Ooh, well,
that's not exactly how I
would have phrased that. I
saw, you know, there's all
these pills talk about bugs
and software and they they're
kind of merging together an
actual bug. Like Heartbleed where
the program made a mistake.
And then things like the
seven 37 max eight problem,
which is really technically not
a programmer bug because the
system is working as designed.
It was just assigned badly.
And then you got problems
like that. The Ericsson certificate
problem last fall that knocked
out some cell phones and
people call all of those
things, bug and the bugs.
And then he's trying to
give an example of a
bug and he gives a
Python syntax. There that's like
that. That's not any of
those that that's not at
all what we're talking about.
It's not a logic bug
or design bug or an
operational bug. It's some minor
thing that gets, that gets
cleared up quickly and never
affects any code that's checked
in. So I was trying
to be, Hey, I'm actually
a programmer. I do understand
this stuff. When I try
to explain it for a
lay man, at least I'm
not making some basic mistake
of, of a miscategorizing something
that would great on a
programmer's eyes balls. I was
trying to explain meltdown inspector,
you know, the Intel CPU
exploits, as you know, they're,
they're not really a bug
as they were like you
say, a design flaw was
trying to explain them for
the lay person. And I
said, well, imagine that you
are thinking about going and
spending some money. And by
virtue of the fact that
you thought about looking in
your wallet, I stole the
credit cards out of your
wallet. You know, you're cause
you're doing a predictive, you
know, you're, you're, there's, there's
two parallel universes, one where
you left and opened your
wallet and went off and
did it in one way.
You didn't. And by virtue
of the fact that you
thought about it, I've stolen
your money. And people like
either think that's a perfect
analogy or they spend the
rest of the day ripping
the analogy apart as a
totally and completely imperfect analogy.
There's just no good way
to make analogies around code.
Yeah, honestly, that analogy is
made has some flaws, which
up nevermind. I saw it.
I heard about that and
I thought, wow, that is
really clever. Occasionally you have
to look at, sometimes you
look at an exploit and
you're like, wow. I mean,
just to think of that
and, and realize you could
use cash speed to predict
stuff and, and realize what
the, what the processor had
done is I got more
complicated. It was actually pretty
darn close. Yeah. And you
refer to the software sausages
and how it's made and
you know, what's, what's clean
and what's not throughout the
book. And one of the
things that you call out
kind of early on is
this the education of a
programmer and whether or not
we can catch these things
early, or maybe some of
these bugs in software are
really bugs and how we
teach software. Yeah. I think
the problem is you, you
can learn to program on
your own. And a lot
of people do this really
started once the personal computer
became widespread and people could
teach themselves to program without
going to work for a
company or go to college,
which is where the computers
used to be. And people
taught themselves. And then they
went to college and kind
of use the same skills
they taught themselves. And universities
weren't really teaching the actual
mechanics of writing code. They
tended to teach algorithms. And
so people were basically all
self-taught. Even if you had
a nominally had a software
engineering or computer science degree,
you actually tie yourself to
code and you would tie
yourself on very small programs,
maybe with a couple other
people working for three months
on some assignment in class.
And that is vastly different
from what you do at
a large company where the
software has to persist for
years. And it's multiple people
working out of multiple groups,
it's stitched together with APIs.
The frustrating part of all
this is IBM and other
companies figured this out and
in the 1960s and wrote
a bunch of books about
it. But that was essentially
ignored by all these self-taught
people in the late eighties
and early nineties, because they
could be successful with their
self-taught methodology. So you really
wind up and it's still
today that it takes a
while working in industry for
people to hopefully figure out,
Oh, API design is very
important. It's not some afterthought
stitching these things together is
really what matters, not just
cranking out some code in
my office and Microsoft, certainly
despite that being known and
ignored, they spent a long
time figuring out things, for
example, that you couldn't test
in quality, you had to
design it in. I heard
Jerry Weinberg state that Charles
Babbage working on the difference
engine 150 years ago, stated
that you could not test
quality in. You had to
design it in. So it's
not like it's a new
idea, but people keep having
to rediscover it on their
own at great cost of
time and frustration. So, okay.
So let me ask you
this, this tough question, because
as I'm going to refer
to you and I as
senior developers, and that could
be a double entendre in
the use of the word
senior, how do we make
sure that we as senior
people are not gatekeeping and
preventing younger people or self-taught
people from being successful? Like
there is this knowledge out
there by virtue of the
fact that they are either
self-taught or learned at a
code camp, or maybe just
learn at a university that
didn't teach them these things.
How do we set them
up for success when we
bring them on our teams?
Certainly we don't want them
to simply not get involved
in tech in the first
place. We want them to
be successful. It's tricky to
avoid being the grumpy old
person, shaking your fist at
those kids today. I think
the way I learned and
I started out by, I
had a job before Microsoft,
but my first real serious
software development was at Microsoft.
And I happened to be
on the windows and T
team under Dave Cutler. And
luckily that was just the
way things were done. You
did do design work. You
really did worry about quality.
You try to avoid being
careless. That was the, just
the, in the air in
the group. And so I
think what's important when people
come into existing team out
of college is just to
say, look, this is what
we do acknowledge that the
people are smart and they
can write code. And they
could probably debug small bits
of code, but in a
gentle way, explain that industry
software is different because of
the scale and the time
that it has to last.
And there's certain ways we
have to operate. Despite that
your first code review will
be hard to take for
anybody. It will feel like
personal criticism, no matter how
much you're prepared for it.
I wish universities did code
reviews. They had students doing
code reviews of each other's
code, both for the educational
aspect, and also just getting
used to it that that's
part of working in softwares.
Other people have opinions about
your code and you're not
the, the one software genius
in the world That is
hard to take that feedback
though. Like you have to
be able to take like
your, like I used to
say, like, you know, my
code doesn't suck to me.
My code sucks. Rather. I
don't suck. Right? It's like
when you write your first
essay or your first poem
or anything, you put a
piece of creativity out in
the world and it's sub
optimal. You know, it doesn't
work for whatever reason at
not attaching your ego to
what you wrote is, is
challenging for anyone, especially a
young person. Right? I think
especially if you're in software
where you've sort of succeeded
without really having to learn
a lot from other people
and get feedback. I think
in other industries, certainly other
engineering disciplines or areas like
medicine, you're learning from other
people all the time. Nobody
goes through a medical program
thinking, Oh, I know everything
about medicine. I'll just keep
doing what I did in
high school. So they've already
been taught that yes, you
have to learn. You have
to stand on the shoulders
of giants. And I think
I made an analogy in
software. It's more like we're
maybe getting a little boost
onto their big toe or
something. And most, most stuff
is just relearn by people
rather than having this understanding.
It that's the way the
world works. You learn something
from other people. Speaking of
old people who shake their
fists, you mentioned Edgar Dykstra
in the, in the book.
And you'd talk about in
1975, he said, it's impossible
to teach good programming to
students. Who've had an exposure
to basic. They're already mutilated
beyond hope of general regeneration.
That's a little bit rough.
I certainly hope we're not
doing that today with JavaScript
or other languages that are
more accessible. Yeah. Well, every
time I make a comment
about a specific language, somebody
yells at me. So I'll
refrain from that. But a
diaper was really saying the
quote is a good one
about basic because well, bill
Gates, his first language was
basics. I wasn't that funny,
but the timing's actually important.
It was 1975. It was
the year that Microsoft was
founded to market. A basic
interpreter. And Dykstra was really
trying to tell people languages
like basic as they existed
back then not, not visual
basic, which is somewhat modern.
Those languages. They didn't have
block. If statements they were
riddled with GoTo is out
of necessity. The several teens
didn't have parameters. There were
terrible languages. And he was
saying, there are actually better
languages. Our goal in particular
was a pretty good language.
And it's really the, the
ancestor of, of C and
C sharp and Java and
most modern languages. He was
desperately trying to tell people,
stop learning, basic stop learning
Fortran and COBOL is your
first language use better languages.
Unfortunately, it was just the
wrong timing. The PC industry
was happening. They all use
basic as their built in
language because you could fit
it into a one K
rom or something. And so
they went with basic, all
these people bought their PCs,
taught themselves basic, and maybe
they weren't mentally mutilated, but
they certainly learned some very
bad habits. I always had
an argument with somebody about,
well, it was my sister
actually about how you didn't
really need parameters to methods.
And you could use a
line number instead of a
name. I mean, you understood
it, right? And that's just
a classic kind of thing
you say when you've only
worked on small pieces of
software for yourself, and you've
never worked on something big
because if you're writing a
small piece of software for
yourself, any language is fine,
essentially because it doesn't matter
how readable it is. You
understand it. It's when other
people have to understand your
code, that something like old
school basic really becomes problematic.
He's a programmer to your
family of programmers. Well, she's
actually not a programmer, but
she was taking a program
in class and in college
when I was a high
school senior, you know, my
sisters, probably not the, you
know, the place where I
applied the most logic to
my arguments. So I was
probably mostly interested in improving
her wrong. So I adopted
this sort of ridiculous attitude
that IBM PC basic was
a, was a good language.
Your code is powerful. And
so are you. And when
you consider the reach of
your code, it's clear that
to deliver quality code, you
must also deliver secure code.
So where can you start?
A first step is educating
yourself on basic secure coding
principles and beginning to put
these principles into practice every
day. Vera code secure coding
toolkit is your go to
resource for all your secure
coding needs. The benefits of
the toolkit include learning best
practices for secure coding, understanding
how to secure your dev
ops environments and learning to
combat the most common software
vulnerabilities, stay secure and download
this valuable asset today at
vericode.com/toolkit. That's V R a
covid.com/toolkit. You, you also talk
about the difference in programmers
of different areas and what
they worry about. And you
point out that the programmers
of your era, worried about
the efficiency at which their
programs run. And I remember
myself reading the book programming
pearls, which is a collection
of columns from Carnegie Mellon,
computer science professor. And it
seems like I hear at
least amongst applications that are
commercial applications, less and less
about the concern around efficiency.
Are we getting away with
a lot because processors are
so powerful and memory's so
plentiful. Well, we probably are.
And I think that's fantastic
because when you worry about
performance, you almost certainly make
our code more complicated and
harder for other people that
understand what I was teaching
my kids to drive. I
said, the number one way
to drive safely is not
to be in a hurry
because when you're in a
hurry, you take shortcuts and
you're not your best driver.
It's the same thing with
designing software. If you're worried
about performance, it sounds like
a noble thing. And maybe
you could even conceptually say,
and there's a couple examples
probably where, Oh, I, I
removed the code and it
was simpler and it ran
faster, but that almost never
happens. Worrying about performance means
putting in some side channel
or adding some weird API
for amateur that kicks in
some behavior in certain situations.
And just generally writing more
code to handle the, the
common path separately from the
error path or whatever, just,
just it winds up with
less understandable code. And so
the fact that people can
not worry about it in
most and just write clear
simple code is actually a
great thing. Again, when, when
Bentley was writing programmer pearls,
that was a long time
ago, and you did have
to worry about performance more,
but even he said, although
programming pearls is mostly about
performance. Even he said, don't
do this stuff all the
time. This is for the
situations where you need to
worry about performance. You can
use these techniques, but don't
just go blindly trying to
make your software fast. Even
though it feels good, it's
like scratching a niche and
it's easy to measure. You
made something 5% faster, figuring
out that you also made
it a hundred percent more
complicated is takes longer and
involves other people and more
time, which are not something
programmers generally want to deal
with. So they can just
sit there over optimizing something
all day and feeling virtuous.
When in fact they're probably
not helping anything. Well, certainly
making it the what's that
what's that old saying, right.
Make it right. And then
make it fast. Yes. I
like canoes quote about premature
optimization is the root of
all evil. And I've simplified
that to say optimization is
the root of all evil,
not, you should never optimize,
but a lot of bugs
are there because someone was
optimizing something. And, and they,
like I said, made the
code more complicated or just
had a bug programmers like
to write caches again, Cassius
seemed like a clever thing,
but there's a lot of
bugs in the cache itself,
which only manifests because you
try to make things faster
and often without really knowing
if that was important until
you get something in front
of a customer, you don't
really know if this thing
needs to be optimized and
today with stuff in the
cloud and the way you
can scale so easily and
storage is basically free. And
CPU is so cheap. A
lot of times you don't
have to worry about optimizing
it. You just throw some
more hardware at it. You
know, it's, it's interesting that
you pointed that out because
I've got a blog system
that I worked on. That's
called dos blog, D a
S like it's German for
the blog. And it's been
running for 14 years, effectively
unchanged, but I have a
couple of bugs that I
hit probably once or twice
a month, as well as
a lovely bug that I
hit every time we fall
back because the software never
expected that that time could
go backwards and they're all
caching related. And I, and
I probably didn't, you know,
I did it because 15
years ago we had less
processor power than we do
today. And I could probably
turn the cash off and
the thing would work a
lot more reliably, virtually every
bug in dust blog is
cash and cash related book.
Yeah. I'd say within, within,
within a routing error, if
someone suggests a performance optimization,
you should say, no, you'll
be right enough. That, well,
the couple of cases where
it's probably a good idea,
you can, you can deal
with. But I think as
I said, it's, it's a
programmer instinct and you've got
these old timers grumping about
kids today, but I think
there's far more important things
to concentrate on it in
particular making code that's maintainable
and readable. Well, I appreciate
that. Like, we, we can
joke about old programmers saying
kids today, but they're what,
what, what, what do you
think kids today will get
from a book like this?
They'll there's historical context. I
think you talk about the
importance of agile and when
these things started and how
it, how it fits into
how we make software today,
what do you think that
a 20 year old would
take away from this book
as they are learning about
things like agile and learning
about things like design thinking,
right? Hopefully they'll, they'll get
the understanding that something like
agile is useful in certain
situations, but not all situations.
And the, that language they
like is good in some
situations, but not other situations.
So just be a somewhat
skeptical consumer of programming wisdom.
They have likely very limited
experience. They don't know the
broad exposure to a bunch
of different languages, a bunch
of different code bases. And
so they may, based on
their own experience, think that
something is the right way
to do something, but that
may or may not be
true. And I think it's
easy to kind of float
through a CS undergrad program
on your own wits and
never really come to terms
with the fact that I'm
faced with the fact that
other people actually are smart
too. And, and your favorite
language may not be the
greatest language, that kind of
thing. So just an appreciation
that they might be suffering
from a little bit of
hubris as they approach work
in an industry. And those
old grumpy programmers may have
something to teach them. Yeah,
I've, I've I, as someone,
myself who used to teach
computer science at a, at
a state university, at least
I always felt like there
should have been a historical
context of computer science or
a history of computer science.
And like, let's learn about
programming. Cause I feel like
I'm learning more now in
2019 about the history of
programming from tweets, where I
learn about, you know, what,
you know, ADA Lovelace did
or what you know, or
seeing a movie like hidden
figures. And I go, Oh,
wow. I didn't realize that
that's how that was done
because no one ever taught
me this in school. I
don't know. Did you have
a history of computer science
courses? We had zero history
and I went to school
in the eighties. So a
lot of this, there was
a lot of empirical studies
done in the seventies. People
actually studied commenting and variable
names and method length, all
this stuff. That's just sort
of debated endlessly now with
no resolution. They actually studied
in the seventies. And that,
that wasn't that long ago.
And I went to school,
but we heard nothing about
it. It was just, here's
some algorithms now go write
a compiler and figure out
here's the, here's the book
here's R go teach yourself
C kind of thing. And
that was, that was what
I heard from other people.
It wasn't where I went
to school. And so yeah,
there, there was, there was,
there was really nothing historical
sort of time began when,
when Unix was created maybe.
And, And it literally began
though. I mean, technically it
kind of begins at that
moment. Right. We know when
zero was. Right, Right. Yeah.
That was essentially the message
we got, you know, C
was CEO, the first programming
language ever, you know, the
first decent programming languages. It
did feel like that. Like
for people of a certain
age, they did kind of
imply that like C was
the first language ever of
any, of any import. Here's
the key in our book.
They hand it to you
and Oh, by the way,
there's this assembly language, but
we only have to do
that for one semester. Yeah.
It really was. I mean,
I mean, literally somebody asked
in class as we were
discussing our first programming assignment
because they were one of
the rare people who hadn't
taught themselves to program in
high school said, well, how
do I learn the language?
And they said, Oh, well,
here's the book, knock yourself
out. Those are the days.
So you, you were at
Microsoft through windows NT through
2003. And a lot of
bugs started showing up slammer
bugs, slammer blaster worms, like
2003, four or five people
were slapping windows, NT and
windows generally around pretty, pretty
hard. Were they not? Yeah.
So we did a, an
attempt to eradicate the bugs
in, it had to be
before mid 2000. Cause that's
when I left the TT
and that's when I left
Microsoft the first time. So
that was where they actually
sat down and explained about
buffer overruns and exactly how
you could construct the next
bullet using a buffer override,
which again, to me seemed,
wow, that's really clever. But
then of course it was
my software. They were attacking.
So we had to fix
it. But we did it
with just with code reviews
and we didn't have the
sound adaptation language that would
attempt to track some of
these C problems, the cost
across function calls. So you
could actually get some sense
of what was safe and
what wasn't. And I think
Jim, Altran made an unfortunate
quote to the comment to
the press that, Oh, we
found all the bugs and,
and, and fix them. And
then of course you had
slammer and Zoetrope and blaster
Cause he believed that there
was an automated tool that
could find all buffer overflows.
I think he just thought
you could find it by
code reviews. And I mean,
finding stuff by code reviews
is really a classic testing
and quality approach. I mean,
Eric, Raymond was running around
claiming that open source software
is more secure because there
were more eyeballs looking at
it, which is just completely
not true. You make things
more secure SSL, right? You,
you make things more secure
by, by engineering and certain
techniques to avoid in this
case and see us such
a terrible language for buffer
overruns by there's techniques to
avoid it. Or you could
not write stuff in C
that would also work, but
that might be a bridge
too far for some people.
But yeah, we, I mean,
it's, it was, I don't
think my, I don't think
my code ever actually had
an exploit directly in my
code, but I mean, I
was writing code that faced
the network that manipulated Buffer's
received off the network. So
I mean, I could easily
have had an exploit that
was directly in my code.
Do Keep, did people keep
track of stuff like that?
I mean, does it really
matter whether it was in
your code or do they,
their collective code ownership, does
it where people, you know,
running blame and saying, look,
He was at, they, they,
they wouldn't run blame. I
think it was. And maybe
this is being too forgiving.
The attitude was well, see
as hard. And I think
that was general town, even
when He is hard. Yeah.
Worm came out in 1988,
which was the first remote
CX ploy. The attitude was,
wow, you can't protect against
everything sort of, you know,
attitude. I mean, I, once
I was talking to, I
actually worked in the trustworthy
computing team and he had,
they add some analysis of
all the major exploits and
who had done the actual
check-in again, I don't think
they were going to blame
people. It was just, okay,
maybe there's something on his
team. And he had the
actual name of the person
who'd done the check in.
And I sort of said,
well, as anybody on that
list twice and he sort
of laughed. And then we,
we ordered the Excel by,
by user ID. And there
was somebody who had actually
managed to check in to
exploits or the code behind
two exploits and was like,
I wonder what happened to
that guy? We looked him
up. And of course he
was now a director of
development somewhere in Microsoft, but
that that's an amusing story,
but that doesn't mean necessarily
he was a bad program.
I mean, I think we
all could have made mistakes,
but he just happened to
have to have made two
of them. Well, certainly let
me let he, who is
he or she, who has
filed the first book throw
the first, you know, throw
the first stone. I mean,
any, anyone can, can make
a bug like that, it's
it? You can fat finger
something and you're off by
one errors are, are the
bane of the entire internet,
aren't they? Yeah. These tended
there's a lot of Unicode
putting Unicode into the guts
of auntie was, was a
great thing because it meant
you could handle all these
languages, but there was a
lot of these exports that
were just messing up the
w char the number of
two byte characters versus the
number of bytes needed to
store it. And so you
had a lot of these,
it wasn't off by one.
It was off by a
factor of two mistakes. And
you just tried to copy
a 256 Unicode buffer, which
is 512 bytes into a
256 byte stack buffer. And
the thing would overrun. I
remember those days, it was
very difficult. I remember as
everything was switching over, you
know, in w we were
in school, it was baked
into our brains that one
bite equals one character. And
then one day one bite
equals one, you know, one
or less than one character
or a fraction of a
character or the beginning of
a statement that there might
be characters coming and utfh
in hitters. And all these
things became complicated. Suddenly we
were counting bytes in one
hand and counting characters in
the other hand. And it
took quite a few years
before everything shook itself out.
Right. Actually walk through this
in some detail in the
book, because I think it's
important. I'm trying to explain
why, why see as a
bad language. And hopefully I'm
not losing all my non-program
or readers, but it really
comes down to just make
it a math mistake. And
I mean, you can, you
can do it right. You
can write buffer manipulation code
that is not exploitable. I
think the fact that people
use the term virus makes
it sound like, Oh, you,
you can't necessarily defend again
against it, but you can
write clean code. It's just
a little tricky to do.
Yeah. You called out a
couple of other things that
reminded me of some bugs
that I had, like you
call that the Turkish code
page and the concept of
code pages, where we had
256 characters. And we were
trying to map other characters
on top of those. I
remember one of my big
bugs that actually, I still
think still may exist in
my blogging software is the,
the legendary Turkish eye where
they have an I letter,
I with a dot above
it. And when you capitalize
that eye turns into a
capital, I with a dot
above it, which is not
a capital I it's a
Turkish capitalized, you know, you
make comparisons and things go
bad. Yeah. That's another example.
I actually dig into it
in my book a bit,
because I'm trying to explain
about it's, it's an API,
you call an upper casing
API, or maybe you call
it comparison API and you
have to make sure you're
doing properly. And it's, I'm
just trying to explain that
again, API design is really
important and understanding an API
is critical and that's really
somebody not exactly understanding what
the API does. And in
this particular case, I wind
up railing against a default
parameters, which I think are
really a scourge on, on
programming and should be removed
because it, you have to
make an assumption about what
the color of the API
wants. And I think that's
a bad idea and yes,
you can save a little
typing with a default parameter,
which saving typing is a
bit of an obsession among
programmers. But if it leads
to a bad bug, it
probably isn't worth it. So
I, I don't like default
parameters on, on API APIs.
Well, there's a ton of
great stories in the book.
And like you point out
it is accessible. This is
not a book where one
page is full of code.
And the other page is
full of discussion of code.
It is definitely readable by
the non programmer. It's not
an overwhelming bunch of curly
braces. That's going to stress
you out. It's really a
fun, smart tour of many
decades of experience from yourself
and others. And I appreciate
you coming on the show
to chat with me about
it. Thank you so much
for having me. You can
check out the problem with
software. Why smart engineers write
bad code it's available now
from MIT press, and I'm
going to have links to
it in the show notes.
This has been another episode
of Hansel minutes, and we'll
see you again next week.
.